Issue #16: Enhancing the "Using Subversion" Page: Adding a 'Troubleshooting' Section (#17)
WordPress/developer-plugins-handbook: wordpress-org/how-to-use-subversion/index.md

Congratulations! You've updated your code!

## Troubleshooting

In this section, you'll find descriptions of the issues you may encounter and ways to solve them.

### svn: E175012: Connection timed out

> This issue occurs on the client's (your) side when the server (wordpress.org) takes a very long time to process the input.
> 
> Usually, it happens only with large plugins that contain hundreds of files. For example, contributors to the Gutenberg plugin (which is a part of WordPress but is also available as a plugin) [have faced](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/issues/55295) this issue.
> 
> To solve this problem, you need to add a special timeout-increasing option to the commit command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue can occur when the SVN repository takes a long time to process uploaded files, particularly with large plugins that contain hundreds of files. The default timeout for SVN in the plugin repository is 10 minutes (600 seconds).

To work around this issue, you can increase SVN's timeout during commit with the `servers:global:http-timeout` option, passing it a timeout in seconds. For instance, to set the timeout to 15 minutes:
```

This suggestion adds in some technical details from [the PR that sparked this contribution](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/65591), but puts less focus on that particular issue.

The other part of the referenced PR that relates to reducing processing time is combining the updates to trunk and the new tag into one commit, but [this is already documented in the Best Practices section](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-org/how-to-use-subversion/#create-tags-from-trunk).

```
svn ci -m "new version" --config-option=servers:global:http-timeout=900
```

> In this command, 900 is the number of seconds. Using this trick, you'll be able to bypass the timeout issue.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Removing this bit, as this would be covered by the previous text suggestion.
